Created workbench tutorial in mantid basics course. (#25754)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/tutorials/mantid_basic_course/using_workbench/04_What_is_missing.rst

==============

In the loading_and_displaying_data chapter you learnet how to create 2D colour plots and 3D surface plots. Colour plots in Workbench cannot have 
their colour bar scale changed between linear and logarithmic removing the usefulness of colourfill plots.
Workbench also lacks an interface for producing 3D plots at all, lacking the advanced plot tool that was presant in MantidPlot.
Access to these plots must be done through Matplotlib directly, it may help to consult the `Matplotlib in Mantid tutorial <https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/plotting/index.html#simple-plots>`_.

Interfaces
==========

MantidPlot provides a range of different interfaces that are not yet available in Workbench. Currently the interfaces available through Workbench are:

* Defraction

  - HFIR 4 Circle Reduction
  
  - Powder Defraction Reduction
  
* Direct

  - DGSPlanner
  
  - DGS Reduction
  
  - MSlice
  
  - PyChop
  
* SANS
  
  - ISIS SANS
  
  - ORNL SANS
  
* Utility

  - FilterEvents
  
  - QECoverage
  
  - TofConverter

  
Check with others that these are not in Workbench or what command opens it.
===========================================================================

> You can not open dialoge boxes via the interpreter of script editor using funtions such as ``LoadDialog()``. This may limit the interactablity of scripts run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can not open dialog boxes via the interpreter of script editor using functions such as ``LoadDialog()``. This may limit the interactibility of scripts run 
```
although I'm not sure interactibility is a word

Author: ```suggestion
You can not open dialog boxes via the interpreter or script editor using functions such as ``LoadDialog()``. This may limit the ability to interact with scripts run 
``

Author: This would perhaps be better.

> You can not open dialoge boxes via the interpreter of script editor using funtions such as ``LoadDialog()``. This may limit the interactablity of scripts run 

Author: ```suggestion
You can not open dialoge boxes via the interpreter of script editor using funtions such as ``LoadDialog()``. This may limit the ability to interact with scripts run 
```
